h1. Create Windows Python interpreter zip file

This section describes how you can recreate the Python interpreter zip file for Windows.

The first step is to download the Python 3.7.9 embeddable zip file from the python web site:

"https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.9/python-3.7.9-embed-amd64.zip":https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.9/python-3.7.9-embed-amd64.zip

Once you have the zip file, you can unpack it.

At this point pip is not installed but it will be needed later to install packages. You will need to download the "get-pip.py":https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py script in the unpacked Python folder then run:

bc. python get-pip.py

Python will proceed with the download and installation of pip. One more step is needed before we can use pip. You need to edit the file python37._pth to add the created Lib\site-packages folder:

bc. python37.zip
.
Lib\site-packages

Now we can install new packages. By default we are going to install a library to read and write xlsx documents:

bc. Scripts\pip install openpyxl

This will download the package and install it.

If you prefer, you can also install openpyxl from the source archive. Download the source archive from the following page:

"https://pypi.org/project/openpyxl/#files":https://pypi.org/project/openpyxl/#files

Then use the following command:

bc. Scripts\pip install openpyxl-x.y.z.tar.gz

Where x.y.z is the version of the downloaded openpyxl archive.

Now you can import openpyxl in your Python scripts by adding the following import directive at the beginning of your script:

bc. from openpyxl import Workbook

You can have a look "here":https://pypi.org/project/openpyxl/ for more information on openpyxl.

You can find more packages to install "here":https://pypi.org/.

To make this package usable by EASE, we need to unpack the python37.zip file to a folder named Lib and change the first line of the python37._pth to point this Lib folder:

bc. Lib
.
Lib\site-packages

You can then delete the python37.zip file.
